So let's turn the customers page into a flexbox construct
and to be honest, we actually don't have a problem right here in the mobile view,
this looks totally right,
we only need flexbox right here to make sure that the desktop view is displayed like that.
For that, we simply have to focus onto the media query regarding the testimonial class and turn it into
a flex container
once we are in the desktop view and then add the properties we need to make sure that the content is
displayed correctly. For that,
I'm right here in the customers.css file and as I said for the mobile view, there is nothing to
change because we don't have display inline block or anything like that,
so this is totally fine.
We do have display inline block though down here in our media query
but if we now simply add display flex right here to our testimonial class, like that, let's reload the
page, it doesn't look good yet but we'll fix that in a few seconds. Then we could actually also get rid of
the display and vertical align properties right here like we did it before,
so let's see what happens then,
didn't change a thing but doesn't look good now
but if I now simply say that we want to align the items, right, to the center,
keep in mind our cross axis goes from top to bottom.
So if we can align the image and the container, this should actually work, as you can see right here it
looks good now
and what we finally can do is to get some space to the left of this image is we could again add justify
content right here and use space around this time.
This is a new value we didn't use so far,
as I said, make sure to have a look at the MDN where you can find a lot of different values you
can apply to these different properties
but if we now use space around and reload the page, you can see that now we basically easily turned
this customers page right here also into a, let's maybe get rid of that, row right here.
So we easily turned this customers page also into a flexbox style and as you can see, it still works perfectly,
we have the maximum width and when we are right here, it jumps into the mobile mode. By the way, if you
wonder why the footer is outside of our window right here,
this is simply due to the fact that I am zoomed in. Once I use the normal 100% zoom level as you
can see it right here,
this page looks fine,
the packages page looks fine and the same thing is true for our starting page right here which is
always working as we know.
However with that, as I just said, the flex container part is finished. Now in the next lecture, we'll have
a look at the flex items because we worked with the flex items as part of the flex container but we
can also specifically target the flex items and change the way they are displayed.
Let's find out how this works in the next lecture.